clarify language in ai_models.md (#300)
PrefectHQ/marvin: docs/guide/concepts/ai_models.md

For example, asking an AI to summarize intricate legal language is akin to asking a human to do the same -- it's feasible they'll comprehend the right context, but you'll probably want to double-check with a legal expert. On the other hand, you wouldn't ask the legal expert to summarize a complex research paper, which is a perfectly natural thing to ask an AI. 

Therefore, while there are many suitable times to use AI models, they aren't always a great fit. AI models tend to excel at exactly the things that are hard to codify algorithmically. If you're performing simple data validation, use a normal Pydantic model. If you're extracting context from unstructured text, use an AI model.

## Basic usage

The `ai_model` decorator can be applied to any Pydantic model. For optimal results, the model should have a descriptive name, annotated fields, and a class docstring. The model does not need to have any pre-processing or post-processing methods written. However, advanced users can add these methods to influence the output.

> When an `ai_model`-decorated model is instantiated with unstructured text, all available information is sent to the AI. Note that the data is sent to the LLM as the first `root_validator`. The AI generates a predicted output that is parsed according to the model's schema and returned as the model's instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an `ai_model`-decorated class is instantiated with unstructured text, all available information is sent to the AI. The AI generates a predicted output that is parsed according to the model's schema and returned as an instance of the model.
```
